# Arch Linux PKGBUILD Collection

## WARNING: This is branch contains the *old* PKGBUILD archives

**Under this branch you will find PKGBUILDs that have been retired.** These
PKGBUILDs are interred in the `old` directory since I want to avoid
polluting the top level. Is this counter to "good" use of Git? Maybe.
But it doesn't really matter. I've removed this folder from the `master`
branch since it's apparent from recent experience that this serves as both
a source of confusion for individuals who are under the mistaken impression
that there exists only One True Way of Git repositories (which boggles my mind
considering the stupidly simplistic structure contained herein), *and* it
makes it unnecessarily difficult for the same to comprehend how someone
else might have a workflow that differs from their own. Shocking.

Almost scandalous, in fact.

Note: The general structure of this repo is probably a bit messy. But it
doesn't contain application sources either. It's just a place to hang my
PKGBUILDs. Don't like it? No problem. Fork it yourself. Make your own. If
you complain about it, I'll give you a full refund for $0.00.

# About

The PKGBUILDs contained in this repository are mostly odds and ends I find
useful for my own purposes. If you find them useful, too, feel free to
clone or fork this repository. Likewise, if you feel an update is lacking,
please don't hesitate to send a pull request or file a ticket.

It's helpful to keep in mind that this repository mirrors the PKGBUILDs I
presently maintain in the AUR along with a few others I have written or
adopted that have no business being anywhere else. I would appreciate it if
the PKGBUILDs you find here that have no analog in the AUR remain that
way--there are some that undoubtedly defy or violate the AUR PKGBUILD
guidelines (but that's not to say you may not wish to use them!).

In order to avoid confusing visitors to this repository, I've moved retired
packages into a separate branch. I won't delete them (until I have good
reason to do so) on the off chance I have reason to revisit or rebuild
them, but they will no longer persist on `master`.